---
layout: post
title: My New Mop
author: Tracy
excerpt: OK, I know that is about the unsexiest headline I could ever write.  But seriously this thing has made life so much easier.
tag:
- uncategorized
---
OK, I know that is about the unsexiest headline I could ever write.  But seriously this thing has made life so much easier.
​
Meet my new life partner - the Shark steam mop.

{% include figure.html src="https://ffwife.weebly.com/uploads/6/6/5/1/66510973/4683712_orig.jpg" alt="Shark Steam Mop" width="156" height="280" style="height: 100%; width: auto;" %}

{% include figure.html src="https://ffwife.weebly.com/uploads/6/6/5/1/66510973/7045443_orig.jpg" alt="Shark Steam Mop" width="280" height="156" style="height: 100%; width: auto;" %}

As busy as we usually are, I don't always get around to mopping as often as I should. (The shame. There it is. I confess my sins to the world.) And really, the dirt gets tracked everywhere even though we're a "shoes off in the house" household. Benefits of the Shark? Too many to list but here's a few:
* Heats up quickly
* Comes with a cute little spouted cup for filling the reservoir with water
* Does a great job of picking up Playdough ground into the tile or wood floors
* The mop part is removable and can be thrown in the wash
* You can buy extra mop brush thingies, so when one is in the wash, you've got one ready to go

My only gripe, which really isn't much of one, is that if I'm doing more than one room in our house, I have to refill the reservoir. But it only takes a few seconds and the mop heats back up within seconds. I'm just lazy, which isn't the mop's fault. It's my mother's. (Just kidding, Mom.)

Honestly, if you even think of trading concrete surroundings for the dirt and grime, get one of these before you even get the keys to your new homestead. You'll save yourself a lot of trouble.
​

_* Note: No one is paying me to say nice things about this mop. I am honestly in love with it. I may even marry it. In a quiet, private ceremony. Quiet, private and SPOTLESS._
